The goal of this documentation is to explain the thought process and steps to create the project.

1. First of all I needed the most common Portuguese words. I search the web for APIs that could provide me with this information.
Didnt find any. But I found a list of the most common words in Portuguese here: https://travelwithlanguages.com/blog/most-common-portuguese-words.html

2. I decided to scrape the words from the website. I created a ver simple scraper `words-scraper.js` to scrape the words from the website and save them to a JSON file.
I saved the word and the type of the word (noun, verb, adjective, etc.) to help the model identify the type of the word (just in case).

3. Once I have the words, I needed to generate the flashcards. I created a script to integrate OpenAI API to generate the flashcards.

4. I remebered that the OpenAI API SDK has a function to generate structured data using a Zod schema. So I refactored the script that generates the flashcards to use the OpenAI API SDK.

5. Edited the prompt to generate exactly the fields that I need and save the output in a JSON file.

6. Created a simple server with 3 services:

- `POST /generate-flashcard`: Generate a flashcard for a single word.
- `GET /flashcards`: Return the flashcards stored in the JSON DB file.
- `POST /generate-flashcards-common-words`: Generate flashcards for the words stored in the portuguese-words.json file.

(I used the JSON file as a DB to save the flashcards. In production I would use a proper DB.)
(Keep the script `script-generate-cards-common-words.js` to generate the flashcards for the most common words.)

7. Edited the README.md to add the instructions to run the server and the endpoints or just the script to generate the flashcards for the most common words.

8. After this, I search for text to speech API to generate the audio for the flashcards. 
I found that openAI SDK has a function to generate audio from text. So I edited the `generate-flashcard.js` to generate the audio for the flashcards.
I had to find a way to save the audio, link it to the flashcard and play somehow. I decided to save the audio in the public folder and link it to the flashcard by adding the audio file name to the flashcard object.

9. Finally, I wanted the audios to be accessible to the user, so I created a ver simple index.html to view the flashcards and play the audio :)



